> Note: If you’ve used Auto Layout from code before you might be accustomed to a method called addConstraint on UIView to add your constraints.
The preferred approach is to add constraints by setting their active property or calling NSLayoutConstraint.activate(_:) with an array to activate many constraints at once.


<hr>

<hr>


<hr>



Hang on! The image view starts from the top left of the screen then flies into the middle! What happened?
Think about it for a moment: you added a view, set some constraints, then altered those constraints and animated a layout change.<strong> However, the view never got the chance to perform its initial layout, so your image started from its default position at (0, 0) in the top left. Ah — that’s why it’s flying in like that.</strong>
To fix this, you need to make sure your initial layout happens before the animation starts. Add the following code before the animation call:



>   view.layoutIfNeeded()


This will immediately set your initial layout before anything else happens. All constraint changes you make between the call to layoutIfNeeded() and the next one will be part of your animation.
 

Animating Constraints Build and run your project now and the animations should work as intended.
It’s a little annoying that the images keep piling up on top of each other; you’ll fix this in the challenge at the end of this chapter.
Don’t forget to try the project in different simulators and orientations; your constraint animations should look good in all of them:
