# Animation objects in Core Animation are simply data models; 
you create an instance of the model and set its data properties accordingly.





## An instance of CABasicAnimation describes a potential layer animation: one that you might choose to run now, at a later time, or not at all.


Since the animation isn’t bound to a specific layer, you can re-use the animation on other layers and each layer will run a copy of the animation independently.


In an animation model you can specify the property to animate as the keypath argument; that’s convenient, as you’ll always be animating something in the layer.


Here, you’re animating only the x component of the position. Core Animation conveniently exposes the individual members of position, bounds, and transform so you can animate them each separately.
Next, you set the fromValue and toValue for the property you’ve specified on keypath. In this case, you want it to start offscreen to the left and end up in the center of the screen.
Finally, the concept of the animation duration hasn’t changed; here you set the duration to 0.5 seconds.
Now that your animation is all set up, you can add it to a layer in your app and see how it looks. Add the following line below the code you just added to add your animation to your title layer:

<code>
  heading.layer.add(flyRight, forKey: nil)

</code>
add(_:forKey:) makes a copy of the animation object and tells Core Animation to run it on the layer. The key argument is for your use only; it lets you identify the animation later on if you need to change or stop the animation.
Build and run your project; you’ll see the form title move to the center of the screen as shown below:



As expected, the layer — and its contained view — animate smoothly into position. This shows you how closely a view and its backing layer are bound.


> Note: Animating structs such as CGRect or CATransform3D isn’t as straightforward as it is with object values, like you did above. You’ll see how to animate structs in Chapter 12, “Keyframe Animations and Struct Properties”.
