
## More timing options




<hr>
<hr>


### Repeating animations




<hr>


> repeatCount lets you repeat your animation a specified number of times.



<hr>


If you want to set the total repeat time in seconds, instead of setting the number of repeats, use the repeatDuration property instead of repeatCount.


<hr>




<hr>




<hr>



This is because a single animation cycle moves the label to the screen center and then out again. So when you run the animation four times, the final cycle ends with the label off the screen. This is why the label appears to jump to the center of the screen. You can’t run half an animation cycle — or can you?


> Change the repeatCount from 4 to 2.5 as shown below: flyLeft.repeatCount = 2.5




<hr>




<hr>






### Changing the animation speed





Although they look nice, some of these animations feel a bit slow. You can control the speed of the animation independently of the duration by setting the speed property.



Still in the properties for flyLeft, add the following code after the line that sets the autoreverses property:



> flyLeft.speed = 2.0


### Even though the animation group duration is set to 5 seconds, the animation will complete in just 2.5 seconds since it runs at double the speed.

// 速度加倍了



<hr>




<hr>




> 
> info.layer.speed = 2.0



Build and run your project; the flyLeft animation runs at double speed as before — but wait! The animation that moves the info label runs at quadruple speed! What’s going on?




### Lesson learned: speeds multiply hierarchically. First you set a speed of 2.0 on the info layer, and then you set the speed of flyLeft to 2.0 as well! You end up with the info layer running at 2.0 x 2.0 = 4.0 times the normal speed.


// 4 倍速度了
